# Simple Visualization System

This is a simple visualization system that was built with the aim of visualizing University Ranking data. 
This is the result of a practical work for the course of Visualization (SCC5836-2017) of the University of São Paulo.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them

R >= 3.4.2 
Python 2.7
Python 3.6
D3 >= 4

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you have to get a development env running

#### Run offline system

This system is online through github.io, access https://ealcobaca.github.io/Visualization/

#### Run online system

To access the system offline it is necessary : (i) preprocess the data (ii) activate HTTP server (iii) access the web page with some browser (preferable firefox or chrome).

### Clone

To clone this repository in your machine do:
```
git clone https://github.com/EAlcobaca/Visualization.git
```

#### (i) and (ii)

```
make preprocessing
make server-up
```
or
```
make all
```

##### (iii)

to access the site type
```
firefox localhost:8000/index.html
```

### More Commands

For more commands see type
```
make help
```

## File Structure

In this section we will describe how our project is organized and where each component is.

### code for pre-processing
```
src/
```
In this directory are .R and .py files to preprocess the dataset.

### dataset
```
data/
```
In this directory is the original dataset and the preprocesses generated by the 'make' command.

### site
```
site/javascript
site/css
```
In this directory is the heart of our application, it contains the javascript and css files.

### pdf report
```
report/
```
In this directory we put a report in pdf format that describes the analysis of the data with the developed system.

## Authors

* **Alcobaça, Edesio** - *Initial work* - [PurpleBooth](https://github.com/EAlcobaca)

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Version 2 - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

